Add configuration to filter fee packets using `recv fee` as criteria (#3133)
informalsystems/hermes: guide/src/documentation/configuration/filter-incentivized.md

# Filter incentivized packets

> Hermes can be configured in order to only relay packets which are incentivized. This is done by using the `[[chain.packet_filter.min_fee]]` configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hermes can be configured in order to only relay packets which are incentivized. This is done by using the `[[chain.packet_filter.min_fees]]` setting.
```

> When this filter is configured, Hermes will not relay ignore `send_packet` events when they do not meet the configured requirements. This configuration can be set to be per channel or for a set of channels using regular expression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When this filter is configured, Hermes will only relay `send_packet` events when they  meet the configured requirements. This configuration can be set per channel or for a set of channels using a wildcard expression.
```

> __WARNING__: This configuration is experimental. Packet clearing will be disabled for the channels which have a fee filter configured, and some `send_packet` events might not be relayed if the incentivized event is not in the same batch of events.

## Examples

___Channel, amount and denom specific___

This example will configure Hermes so it will ignore `send_packet` events from `channel-0` which do not have at least `10 uatoms` as the `recv_fee`.

```
[chains.packet_filter.min_fees.'channel-0']

>   recv    = [{ amount = 10, denom = 'uatom' }]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  recv = [{ amount = 10, denom = 'uatom' }]
```

```

___Amount and denom specific___

This example will configure Hermes so it will ignore `send_packet` events from any channel which do not have at least `10 uatoms` as the `recv_fee`.

```
[chains.packet_filter.min_fees.'*']

>   recv    = [{ amount = 10, denom = 'uatom' }]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  recv = [{ amount = 10, denom = 'uatom' }]
```

```

___Amount only___

This example will configure Hermes so it will ignore `send_packet` events from any channel which do not have at least 10 of any token as the `recv_fee`.

```
[chains.packet_filter.min_fees.'*']

>   recv    = [{ amount = 10 }]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  recv = [{ amount = 10 }]
```

Reviewer: I don't know if this is a really useful example, let's use `amount = 0` instead and explain that it will only relay incentivized packets, whatever the fees are.

Author: I agree, I will update this to `amout = 0`.

```

___Multiple filters___

> This example will configure Hermes so it will ignore `send_packet` events from any channel which starts with `ics`, does not have at least `10 uatom`, `20 stake` or 50 of any token as the `recv_fee`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example will configure Hermes so it will ignore `send_packet` events from any channel which starts with `ics`, does not have at least `10 uatom` or `20 stake` as the `recv_fee`.
```

Again, denomless fees are not super useful imho, except for 0.

Author: This was more to show that specifying denom and denomless configuration could be used together. But I agree that it would be an odd configuration, I'll remove the denomless part.

```
[chains.packet_filter.min_fees.'ics*']

>   recv    = [{ amount = 10, denom = 'uatom' }, { amount = 20, denom = 'stake' }, { amount = 50}]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  recv = [{ amount = 10, denom = 'uatom' }, { amount = 20, denom = 'stake' } }]
```
